>>> WELCOME BACK, EVEN HAS
>>> WELCOME BACK, EVEN HAS DEMOCRATS ON THE COMMITTEE THAT
DEMOCRATS ON THE COMMITTEE THAT ARE LAUNCHING A SWEEPS
ARE LAUNCHING A SWEEPS INVESTIGATION THAT COULD PROVIDE
INVESTIGATION THAT COULD PROVIDE A BASIS FOR IMPEACHMENT, MOST
A BASIS FOR IMPEACHMENT, MOST DEMOCRATS ARE STOPPING SHORT OF
DEMOCRATS ARE STOPPING SHORT OF USING THE I WORD.
USING THE I WORD. JOINING ME IS SHEILA JACKSON
JOINING ME IS SHEILA JACKSON LEE.
LEE. THANK YOU FOR BEING HERE, JERRY
THANK YOU FOR BEING HERE, JERRY NADLER, THE CHAIRMAN OF YOUR
NADLER, THE CHAIRMAN OF YOUR COMMITTEE, SAYS THIS PROBE IS TO
COMMITTEE, SAYS THIS PROBE IS TO LOOK INTO OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE
LOOK INTO OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE AND ABUSE OF POWER.
AND ABUSE OF POWER. WHEN YOU LOOK AT ALL OF THE
WHEN YOU LOOK AT ALL OF THE PEOPLE CALLED AND THE DOCUMENTS
PEOPLE CALLED AND THE DOCUMENTS THEY’RE REQUESTING, IS THIS AN
THEY’RE REQUESTING, IS THIS AN IMPEACHMENT HEARING IN
IMPEACHMENT HEARING IN EVERYTHING BUT NAME?
EVERYTHING BUT NAME? >> FIRST, I THINK IS IMPORTANT
>> FIRST, I THINK IS IMPORTANT TO ESTABLISH THE WORK OF THE
TO ESTABLISH THE WORK OF THE SPECIAL COUNCIL AND THE MEMBERS
SPECIAL COUNCIL AND THE MEMBERS OF THE UNITED STATES CONGRESS
OF THE UNITED STATES CONGRESS PARTICULARLY ON THE SINGULAR
PARTICULARLY ON THE SINGULAR COMMITTEE FOR INVESTIGATIONS
COMMITTEE FOR INVESTIGATIONS DEALING WITH THE QUESTION OF THE
DEALING WITH THE QUESTION OF THE RULE OF LAW.
RULE OF LAW. THE MUELLER REPORT IS LOOKING
THE MUELLER REPORT IS LOOKING INTO THE POTENTIAL AND
INTO THE POTENTIAL AND POSSIBILITY OF FEDERAL CRIMES.
POSSIBILITY OF FEDERAL CRIMES. THE CONGRESS HAS THE ABILITY TO
THE CONGRESS HAS THE ABILITY TO BE THE CUSTODIAN OF THE RULE OF
BE THE CUSTODIAN OF THE RULE OF LAW.
LAW. WE’RE DOING A METHODICAL PAGE BY
WE’RE DOING A METHODICAL PAGE BY PAGE BLOCK BY BLOCK
PAGE BLOCK BY BLOCK INVESTIGATION AND PROVIDING TO
INVESTIGATION AND PROVIDING TO THE AMERICAN PUBLIC IN AN OPEN
THE AMERICAN PUBLIC IN AN OPEN MANNER UNFETTERED QUESTIONING OF
MANNER UNFETTERED QUESTIONING OF INDIVIDUALS AND REVIEW OF
INDIVIDUALS AND REVIEW OF DOCUMENT THAT’S WILL HELP TELL
DOCUMENT THAT’S WILL HELP TELL THE STORY OF THIS ADMINISTRATION
THE STORY OF THIS ADMINISTRATION AND THOSE ELEMENTS INCLUDE
AND THOSE ELEMENTS INCLUDE CORRUPTION AND THE POTENTIAL
CORRUPTION AND THE POTENTIAL ABUSE OF POWER.
ABUSE OF POWER. OUT OF THAT BUILDING BLOCKS MAY
OUT OF THAT BUILDING BLOCKS MAY COME, IF YOU WILL, THE POINT AND
COME, IF YOU WILL, THE POINT AND TIME THAT WE LOOK AT OTHER
TIME THAT WE LOOK AT OTHER RESPONSES TO THIS
RESPONSES TO THIS ADMINISTRATION, BUT WE’RE IN NO
ADMINISTRATION, BUT WE’RE IN NO HURRY BECAUSE WE THINK OUR DUTY
HURRY BECAUSE WE THINK OUR DUTY IS TO BE ABLE TO EXPLAIN WHAT
IS TO BE ABLE TO EXPLAIN WHAT RULE OF LAW IS IN THIS COUNTRY
RULE OF LAW IS IN THIS COUNTRY AND IT DOES HAVE TO DO WITH THE
AND IT DOES HAVE TO DO WITH THE CONSTITUTION AND ISSUES OF
CONSTITUTION AND ISSUES OF INSENDTY.
INSENDTY. >> SO WHEN THEY SAY THEY’RE
>> SO WHEN THEY SAY THEY’RE BUILDING A PUBLIC RECORD, YOU’RE
BUILDING A PUBLIC RECORD, YOU’RE BASICALLY SAYING YOU’RE PILDING
BASICALLY SAYING YOU’RE PILDING A PUBLIC RECORD THAT COULD LEAD
A PUBLIC RECORD THAT COULD LEAD YOU TO FULL ON IMPEACHMENT
YOU TO FULL ON IMPEACHMENT HEARINGS?
HEARINGS? >> NO, WHAT I’M SAYING IS THAT
>> NO, WHAT I’M SAYING IS THAT THE PUBLIC RECORD IS CRUCIAL.
THE PUBLIC RECORD IS CRUCIAL. EVERYONE KNOWS THAT THE
EVERYONE KNOWS THAT THE IMPEACHMENT IS A POLITICAL
IMPEACHMENT IS A POLITICAL PROCESS.
PROCESS. IT MEANS THAT THE PEOPLE SPEAK.
IT MEANS THAT THE PEOPLE SPEAK. WE HAVE A PROVISION IN ARTICLE
WE HAVE A PROVISION IN ARTICLE ONE THAT DEALS WITH THE
ONE THAT DEALS WITH THE RESPONSIBILITY OF DEMONG THEY’RE
RESPONSIBILITY OF DEMONG THEY’RE OVERSIGHT RESPONSIBILITIES.
OVERSIGHT RESPONSIBILITIES. AS DUO SO, WE KNOW THAT THE
AS DUO SO, WE KNOW THAT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE RISE TO THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE RISE TO THE OCCASION TO SAY ENOUGH IS
OCCASION TO SAY ENOUGH IS ENOUGH.
ENOUGH. WE WANT TO MAKE SURE THAT WE ARE
WE WANT TO MAKE SURE THAT WE ARE THE CUSTODIANS OF TRUTH.
THE CUSTODIANS OF TRUTH. THAT IS WHAT OUR RESPONSIBILITY
THAT IS WHAT OUR RESPONSIBILITY IS.
IS. AS I LOOK AT THE LIST DEALING
AS I LOOK AT THE LIST DEALING WITH THE INDIVIDUALS BEING ASKED
WITH THE INDIVIDUALS BEING ASKED FOR DOCUMENTS, MICHAEL COHEN WHO
FOR DOCUMENTS, MICHAEL COHEN WHO GAVE US A LITANY OF VARIOUS
GAVE US A LITANY OF VARIOUS TRAILS TO GO DOWN, HE ADMITTED
TRAILS TO GO DOWN, HE ADMITTED HIS TESTIMONY WAS ALTERED.
HIS TESTIMONY WAS ALTERED. HE ADMITTED HE LIED, AND SHE
HE ADMITTED HE LIED, AND SHE GOING TO JAIL FOR THAT, BUT HE
GOING TO JAIL FOR THAT, BUT HE ADMITTED THAT ONE OF THOSE THAT
ADMITTED THAT ONE OF THOSE THAT HELPED EDIT IS TESTIMONY IS JAY
HELPED EDIT IS TESTIMONY IS JAY SECULO.
SECULO. McCANN IS ON THE LIST FOR HIS
McCANN IS ON THE LIST FOR HIS WORDS ABOUT THE SECURITY
WORDS ABOUT THE SECURITY CLEARANCE LIST.
CLEARANCE LIST. ROGER STONE CALLED THE PRESIDENT
ROGER STONE CALLED THE PRESIDENT AND SAID THERE WILL BE A MAJOR
AND SAID THERE WILL BE A MAJOR E-MAIL DUMP TO HARM, HURT, AND
E-MAIL DUMP TO HARM, HURT, AND UNDERMINE THE CANDIDACY OF THEN
UNDERMINE THE CANDIDACY OF THEN CANDIDATE FORMER SECRETARY
CANDIDATE FORMER SECRETARY HILLARY CLINTON AND THAT DUMP
HILLARY CLINTON AND THAT DUMP OCCURRED AND THE PRESIDENT WAS
OCCURRED AND THE PRESIDENT WAS KNOWLEDGEABLE OF THAT.
KNOWLEDGEABLE OF THAT. WITH ALL OF THAT IN PLACE THOSE
WITH ALL OF THAT IN PLACE THOSE ARE TRAIL THAT’S WE HAVE AN
ARE TRAIL THAT’S WE HAVE AN OBLIGATION TO INVESTIGATE.
OBLIGATION TO INVESTIGATE. >> CHAIRMAN NADLER SAYS IT IS
>> CHAIRMAN NADLER SAYS IT IS CLEAR THE PRESIDENT OBSTRUCTED
CLEAR THE PRESIDENT OBSTRUCTED JDS
JDS JUSTICE, THAT HE HAS VIOLATED
JUSTICE, THAT HE HAS VIOLATED THE EMOLUMENTS CLAUSE, DO YOU
THE EMOLUMENTS CLAUSE, DO YOU BELIEF THE PRESIDENT MAY HAVE
BELIEF THE PRESIDENT MAY HAVE COMMITTED A CRIME?
COMMITTED A CRIME? >> I THINK AS WE HAVE LOOKED AT
>> I THINK AS WE HAVE LOOKED AT ALL OF THE DOCUMENTS WE’RE
ALL OF THE DOCUMENTS WE’RE CERTAINLY NEAR THAT.
CERTAINLY NEAR THAT. WE CERTAINLY HAVE EVIDENCE OF
WE CERTAINLY HAVE EVIDENCE OF INTENT, AND WE HAVE EVIDENCE OF
INTENT, AND WE HAVE EVIDENCE OF OTHER THAT’S SHOW THAT SOMETHING
OTHER THAT’S SHOW THAT SOMETHING WENT AWRY.
WENT AWRY. FOR EXAMPLE, THE CHECK THAT
FOR EXAMPLE, THE CHECK THAT MICHAEL COHEN, A COPY OF, VERY
MICHAEL COHEN, A COPY OF, VERY OPENLY DIRECTLY HELD UP, THE
OPENLY DIRECTLY HELD UP, THE MONEYS UTILIZED TO PAY REGARDING
MONEYS UTILIZED TO PAY REGARDING STORMY DANIELS.
STORMY DANIELS. IN THE TIME OF THE PRESIDENT’S
IN THE TIME OF THE PRESIDENT’S SERVICE TO THIS NATION AND THE
SERVICE TO THIS NATION AND THE FACT THAT IT CAME OUT OF A
FACT THAT IT CAME OUT OF A PRIVATE TRUST, OR A TRUST UNDER
PRIVATE TRUST, OR A TRUST UNDER HIS JURISDICTION, THAT BEGS THE
HIS JURISDICTION, THAT BEGS THE QUESTION OF WHETHER OR NOT A
QUESTION OF WHETHER OR NOT A CRIME HAS BEEN COMMITTED.
CRIME HAS BEEN COMMITTED. >> YOU SAY THERE IS EVIDENCE OF
>> YOU SAY THERE IS EVIDENCE OF OBSTRUCTION.
OBSTRUCTION. IF THERE IS EVIDENCE OF A CRIME,
IF THERE IS EVIDENCE OF A CRIME, SHOULD THAT LEAD TO IMPEACHMENT?
SHOULD THAT LEAD TO IMPEACHMENT? >> WHAT I WOULD ARGUE, CASEKATIE
>> WHAT I WOULD ARGUE, CASEKATIE THAT WE’RE IN THE MIDST OF A
THAT WE’RE IN THE MIDST OF A BUILDING BLOCK.
BUILDING BLOCK. IMPEACHMENT IS A POLITICAL
IMPEACHMENT IS A POLITICAL PROCESS, AND IT DRAWS UPON THE
PROCESS, AND IT DRAWS UPON THE VIEWS OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
VIEWS OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE. IF WE DO OUR WORK RIGHT, AND WE
IF WE DO OUR WORK RIGHT, AND WE DO IT FAIRLY WITHOUT BIAS,
DO IT FAIRLY WITHOUT BIAS, WITHOUT ANY ATTEMPT TO GET YOU,
WITHOUT ANY ATTEMPT TO GET YOU, NOT A GOT YOU APPROACH, I THINK
NOT A GOT YOU APPROACH, I THINK PEOPLE WILL MAKE DETERMINATIONS
PEOPLE WILL MAKE DETERMINATIONS THAT WILL CAUSE US TO LOOK AT A
THAT WILL CAUSE US TO LOOK AT A VARIETY OF WAYS TO WHAT WE HAVE.
VARIETY OF WAYS TO WHAT WE HAVE. WE’RE NOT PREPARED TO MAKE
WE’RE NOT PREPARED TO MAKE IMMEDIATE JUDGEMENTS ON THAT
IMMEDIATE JUDGEMENTS ON THAT NOW.
NOW. >> I WANT TO DELVE IN A LITTLE
>> I WANT TO DELVE IN A LITTLE DEEPER AND SEE WHERE THE LINE IS
DEEPER AND SEE WHERE THE LINE IS WHEN IT COMES TO IMPEACHMENT AND
WHEN IT COMES TO IMPEACHMENT AND IF THIS IS ONLY A POLITICAL
IF THIS IS ONLY A POLITICAL PROCESS.
PROCESS. IF THE PRESIDENT IS FOUND TO
IF THE PRESIDENT IS FOUND TO HAVE VIOLATED THE CONSTITUTION
HAVE VIOLATED THE CONSTITUTION BY SEPTEMBERACCEPTING BRIBES OR
BY SEPTEMBERACCEPTING BRIBES OR FROM FOREIGN COUNTRIES.
FROM FOREIGN COUNTRIES. IF THERE IS A REPORT THAT FINDS
IF THERE IS A REPORT THAT FINDS THAT, IF HE IS FOUND TO BE
THAT, IF HE IS FOUND TO BE GUILTY OF VIOLATING THE
GUILTY OF VIOLATING THE CONSTITUTION, IS IT CONGRESS’S
CONSTITUTION, IS IT CONGRESS’S DUTY TO IMPEACH HIM OR TRY TO
DUTY TO IMPEACH HIM OR TRY TO IMPEACH HIM?
IMPEACH HIM? >> IT MAY BE CONGRESS’S DUTY,
>> IT MAY BE CONGRESS’S DUTY, WHETHER OR NOT ALL YOU FOUND
WHETHER OR NOT ALL YOU FOUND MEET THAT TEST AND IF THAT IS
MEET THAT TEST AND IF THAT IS THE CASE THEN THERE MAY BE
THE CASE THEN THERE MAY BE PROCESSES AS YOU SO INDICATED
PROCESSES AS YOU SO INDICATED THAT MAY AGAIN.
THAT MAY AGAIN. MY INDIVIDUAL TRUE,VIEW, OF COUR
MY INDIVIDUAL TRUE,VIEW, OF COUR IS DIFFERENT WHAT I THINK NEEDS
IS DIFFERENT WHAT I THINK NEEDS TO BE DONE AS GO FORWARD.
TO BE DONE AS GO FORWARD. AGAIN THE WRITTEN LANGUAGE IS
AGAIN THE WRITTEN LANGUAGE IS HIGH CRIMES AND MISDEMEANOR.
HIGH CRIMES AND MISDEMEANOR. THE SPOKING GUN IN THE NIXON
THE SPOKING GUN IN THE NIXON CASE WAS THE TAPES.
CASE WAS THE TAPES. I THINK WE’RE MOVING IN A DROEX
I THINK WE’RE MOVING IN A DROEX DO OUR JOBS AND BE METHODICAL
DO OUR JOBS AND BE METHODICAL AND LOOK AT EVERY RELEVANT
AND LOOK AT EVERY RELEVANT DOCUMENT AND EVERY LIST OF
DOCUMENT AND EVERY LIST OF PERSONS IN THE PRESIDENT’S OR
PERSONS IN THE PRESIDENT’S OR BIT.
BIT. A LIST OF INDIVIDUAL THAT’S HAVE
A LIST OF INDIVIDUAL THAT’S HAVE SOMETHING TO DO WITH WHAT WENT
SOMETHING TO DO WITH WHAT WENT AWRY.
AWRY. >> I’M JUST WONDERING, WITH THE
>> I’M JUST WONDERING, WITH THE CONSTITUTION, THE PRESIDENT
CONSTITUTION, THE PRESIDENT STORE ON THE BIBLE HE WOULD
STORE ON THE BIBLE HE WOULD PROTECT THE CONSTITUTION WHEN HE
PROTECT THE CONSTITUTION WHEN HE WAS SWORN INTO OFFICE IN 2017.
WAS SWORN INTO OFFICE IN 2017. IF HE VIOLATED THE CONSTITUTION,
IF HE VIOLATED THE CONSTITUTION, IF IT IS FOUND HE DID THAT, IT’S
IF IT IS FOUND HE DID THAT, IT’S UNCLEAR WHETHER OR NOT THAT
UNCLEAR WHETHER OR NOT THAT WOULD BE A HIGH CRIME AND
WOULD BE A HIGH CRIME AND MISDEMEANOR.
MISDEMEANOR. >> >> THE CONSTITUTION STANDS AS
>> >> THE CONSTITUTION STANDS AS A STANDARD BEARER FOR THE RULE
A STANDARD BEARER FOR THE RULE OF LAW.
OF LAW. THE VIOLATIONS OF THE
THE VIOLATIONS OF THE CONSTITUTION ARE CLEAR, THEN I
CONSTITUTION ARE CLEAR, THEN I WOULD SAY TO YOU THAT WE’RE
WOULD SAY TO YOU THAT WE’RE MOVING INTO A SPACE OF HIGH
MOVING INTO A SPACE OF HIGH CRIMES AND MISDEMEANOR.
CRIMES AND MISDEMEANOR. BUT AGAIN, THIS COMMITTEE’S
BUT AGAIN, THIS COMMITTEE’S OBLIGATION IS TO ASSESS, AND AS
OBLIGATION IS TO ASSESS, AND AS OUR CHAIRMAN AS DONE, MADE
OUR CHAIRMAN AS DONE, MADE GENERAL COMMENT THAT’S WE
GENERAL COMMENT THAT’S WE BELIEVE CRIMES HAVE BEEN
BELIEVE CRIMES HAVE BEEN PERPETRATED
PERPETRATED PERPETRATED.
PERPETRATED. OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE SEEMS TO
OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE SEEMS TO BE WELL DOCUMENTED, BUT WE WANT
BE WELL DOCUMENTED, BUT WE WANT TO MAKE IT WHERE WE’RE LISTENING
TO MAKE IT WHERE WE’RE LISTENING AND LOOKING AT DOCUMENTS BECAUSE
AND LOOKING AT DOCUMENTS BECAUSE WE’RE GOING TO CALL THESE
WE’RE GOING TO CALL THESE DOCUMENTS FOR THE AMERICAN
DOCUMENTS FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE TO HEAR.
PEOPLE TO HEAR. AND WE WILL HAVE DOCUMENTS TO
AND WE WILL HAVE DOCUMENTS TO ASSOCIATE WITH THEIR TESTIMONY,
ASSOCIATE WITH THEIR TESTIMONY, AND A TESTAMENT OF PUBLIC
AND A TESTAMENT OF PUBLIC CONSTRUCTION.
CONSTRUCTION. THAT COMBINATION BEGINS TO LAY
THAT COMBINATION BEGINS TO LAY THE GROUND WORK FOR THE PACT OF
THE GROUND WORK FOR THE PACT OF HIGH CRIES AND MISDEMEANOR.
HIGH CRIES AND MISDEMEANOR. WE DON’T WANT TO SAY AN ACTION
WE DON’T WANT TO SAY AN ACTION WHEN WE KNOW THAT ACTION IS
WHEN WE KNOW THAT ACTION IS PARTLY EMBRACING THE AMERICAN
PARTLY EMBRACING THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
PEOPLE. THERE ARE VOICES ALL OVER
THERE ARE VOICES ALL OVER AMERICAN CRYING FOR IMPEACHMENT,
AMERICAN CRYING FOR IMPEACHMENT, AND THEY HAVE THE RIGHT TO DO